# 1.手势状态 UIGestureRecognizerState
* UIGestureRecognizerStatePossible,  

> // the recognizer has not yet recognized its gesture, but may be evaluating touch events. this is the default state
 未被识别的状态，iOS11 中有时候，除了UIGestureRecognizerStateChanged 就只剩下他了

* UIGestureRecognizerStateBegan,      
 
> // the recognizer has received touches recognized as the gesture. the action method will be called at the next turn of the run loop  
手势开始，目前没有收到该事件
    
* UIGestureRecognizerStateChanged,   
 
> // the recognizer has received touches recognized as a change to the gesture. the action method will be called at the next turn of the run loop  
手势变化，在手按住拖动的时间内会触发该事件，但是手离开后该事件停止，也就是说滚动的时候没有该事件。

* UIGestureRecognizerStateEnded,      

> // the recognizer has received touches recognized as the end of the gesture. the action method will be called at the next turn of the run loop and the recognizer will be reset to UIGestureRecognizerStatePossible
手势结束事件，只有屏幕有滚动的时候才会触发，慢慢的拖动视图是不会触发该事件的

* UIGestureRecognizerStateCancelled,  

> // the recognizer has received touches resulting in the cancellation of the gesture. the action method will be called at the next turn of the run loop. the recognizer will be reset to UIGestureRecognizerStatePossible
    
* UIGestureRecognizerStateFailed, 

> // the recognizer has received a touch sequence that can not be recognized as the gesture. the action method will not be called and the recognizer will be reset to UIGestureRecognizerStatePossible
不清楚什么情况下会触发   
// Discrete Gestures – gesture recognizers that recognize a discrete event but do not report changes (for example, a tap) do not transition through the Began and Changed states and can not fail or be cancelled
 
 *  UIGestureRecognizerStateRecognized = UIGestureRecognizerStateEnded

